# Further tournament work
This meeting focused on the new work we want to achieve for the tournament. This
includes more public activity, a sponsorship package, and planning out our
meetings in the next few weeks

## Sponsorship package
We need to create a sponsorship package for companies to sponsor the tournament.
The executive team is actively working on a document for this, tho it's our
first time... We think at least the following benefits will be included

 - Spot on the website (see below)
 - Logo present during stream
 - Mention during awards ceremony

Also, unlike most sponsorship packages which look like patron tiers, we'll
just have one, since we only need a bit of funding

## Status updates
It'd be nice to have status updates as everyone works on their projects, sort of
like live tweeting. We already have a discord channel for this purpose and we're
looking to make it more active in the coming weeks

We also need to link this status updates channel, to make it much more visible.
We're considering mentioning it in the git's readme, website, and poster

## Spot on the website
Our website's front page should have a bit notice about the tournament,
including a description of how to get started, links to the progress updates,
and other marketing stuff that'll make people want to join

Our website still links to Slack, despite having moved all our operations over
to discord as of September 2022. We'll updated that asap

## Tournament poster
Justin's past banger posters have lead him to be chosen to make poster for the
tournament. We'll aiming to emphasis how this tournament is aimed at all skill
levels and our mini-workshops in the coming weeks

On a side note, we're moving the poster-creation workflow from Canva to
Gimp/[proprietary alternatives]. We'll share our in-progress work via .xcf and
.psd files instead. This worked much better for the rust poster

## Tournament work sessions
We have flexible meetings scheduled for the 18th and 25th (Nov 2022). We're
currently considering using these times as mini-workshops on getting started
with building hex bots. Some things we're considering covering include

 - Indicating popular algorithms for boardgame bots (monte-carlo, convolutional heuristics...)
 - Walking through the random-bot code
 - Hands-on building a bot, with really basic python

## Update tournament git repo
A bug has been found in the hex bot controller repo. Essentially it can detect a
win, tho currently doesn't actually stop the game once a win condition is
reached by a player. Akemi claims he'll have it fixed in no time

The readme is looking a bit dated too. We'll revise it in the following week

The swap move is still not implemented, despite being listed in the readme.
Nobody has noticed this yet, tho Akemi is starting to feel guilty about leaving
it in the readme, so that'll be fixed in the following week

## Advertise in person?!
It might be beneficial to advertise the event in relevant courses. For example
CMPUT 455 students may be interested to apply their course content outside of
homework. We'll be emailing instructors of relevant courses to ask if we can do
at 1 minute presentation about our tournament before the start of lectures
