# Meeting #2 February 8, 2019, All Executive Present
Chris to talk to amii feb 20 @ 2pm to talk about how we can collaborate with them

Justin talked about desire for speakers, workshops, and presentations

Mentioned Startup Edmonton stuff

Shout out to join committees

## Nick talks about new club bank account:
+ no money in yet
+ ATB
He was not able to submit funding for an event since the event has to be approved from the faculty.
There was no time to plan the event. Applied for funding for $100 for administration fees.
+ Nick submit request for operations grant funding from Student's Union
+ Applied for raspberry pi w/ full sensor package
+ Applied for dev account fees google/apple
+ Applied for purchase for a domain/hosting.

## Talks about projects:
+ Summer Camp
+ Peter: Starcraft AI
+ Justin: OpenAI Gym
+ Tinashe: Face recognition for black people (need people to help with tensorflow, etc..; read a paper which model is based one; have own model)
+ Tinashe: Interested in taking lead in computer vision stuff (google vision kit, hand recognition, etc...)
+ Reading group
+ Giancarlo: connect 4
+ website committee?
